Expected Requirements:

Build a Conversion Funnel:
- Create a conversion funnel using the "raw_user_activity" sheet.
- Identify three stages (e.g., product page views, shopping cart activity, and purchases).
- Count unique users for each stage and calculate total conversion rates and conversion rates to the next step.

Prepare Data for Cohort Analysis:
- Filter the purchase events from the "raw_user_activity" sheet and copy them to a new sheet called "purchase_activity."
- Calculate the first purchase date for each user using a pivot table.
- Add the first purchase date to the "purchase_activity" sheet using the VLOOKUP function.
- Create event_month, first_purchase_month, and cohort_age columns to group and track data for cohort analysis.

Calculate Retention Rates:
- Create a pivot table in the "cohort_analysis" sheet to group data by first purchase month and cohort age.
- Calculate retention rates in the retention_rates sheet based on the cohort sizes and retention for each cohort age (1-4 months).

Organize and Document Your Spreadsheet:
- Fill out the Executive Summary sheet with key findings from the conversion_funnel and retention_rates sheets.
- Explain your assumptions and analysis methods (e.g., data used, calculations for conversion rates, cohort formation, retention rate calculations).
- Reorder the sheet tabs for clarity and include a Table of Contents.
- Format your spreadsheet for readability, with proper formatting, borders, and highlighting.

Submit Your Project:
- Share the link to your Google Sheets file with view-only access for reviewers.
